Update ip-ranges.md (#5632)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/ip-ranges.md

## List of IP address ranges associated with the IP ranges feature
{: #listofipaddressranges }

> *Last updated*: 08/23/2021

Reviewer: Could we change this date format to be ISO 8601 to remove ambiguity about its meaning? Only part of the world uses slashes or the month-day ordering, but ISO 8601 is standard across the computing industry.

```suggestion
*Last updated*: 2021-08-23
```

- 18.214.70.5
- 52.20.166.242
- 18.214.156.84
- 54.236.156.101
- 52.22.215.219
- 52.206.105.184
- 52.6.77.249 
- 34.197.216.176
- 35.174.249.131
- 3.210.128.175

> **Upcoming Changes to list of IP address ranges** (Last Updated: 08/23/2021):

Reviewer: This feels like it should have semantic structure rather than just being bolded. This will enable us to build a structured list of changes.

I'm a little concerned about calling these "upcoming changes," as it could be confusing. Maybe there should be more clarity about what the 30-day notice period will mean.

```suggestion
### Upcoming changes to the list of IP address ranges
```

> Added new IP address ranges to list of IP address ranges for core services on 08/23.  Removed 35.174.249.131 from list of IP address ranges for core services on 08/23. Machine-consumable lists have been updated to reflect new IP address ranges.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added new IP address ranges to list of IP address ranges for core services on 08/23. Removed 35.174.249.131 from list of IP address ranges for core services on 08/23. Machine-consumable lists have been updated to reflect new IP address ranges.
```

> Added new IP address ranges to list of IP address ranges for core services on 08/23.  Removed 35.174.249.131 from list of IP address ranges for core services on 08/23. Machine-consumable lists have been updated to reflect new IP address ranges.

Reviewer: Please double-check that the IP address  `35.174.249.131` should be listed as removed -- it looks like it was added above, and it is also added to the A-records in the other pull request.

I'm also including this format as a suggestion. If we make each date an h4, we can easily create a timeline of changes as time goes on.

```suggestion
#### 2021-08-23
* Added new items to the list of IP address ranges for core services.
* Removed `35.174.249.131` from the list of IP address ranges for core services.

The machine-consumable lists have also been updated to reflect the new IP address ranges.
```

Reviewer 3: Correct, `35.174.249.131` should _not_ be removed.
